The project entitled smart parking system is to manage all the parking facilities to an user. The recent growth in economy and due to the availability of low price cars in the market, an every average middle-class individual can afford a car, which is good thing, however the consequences of heavy traffic jams, pollution, less availability of roads and spot to drive the motor car. One of the important concerns, which is to be taken in accounting, is the problem of parking those vehicles. Though, if there is space for parking the vehicle but so much time is squandered in finding that exact parking slot resulting in more fuel intake and not also environment friendly. It will be a great deal if in some way we find out that the parking itself can provide the precise vacant position of a parking slot then it'll be helpful not limited to the drivers also for the environment. Due to the rise in the number of vehicles, traffic problems are bound to exist. This is because the current transportation infrastructure and car park facility developed are unable to cope with the influx of vehicles. To overcome this problem, a smart parking system has been developed. This system mainly focuses on vehicles that are parked in the malls. With the implementation of the smart parking system, citizens can easily locate and secure vacant parking spaces at any car park that is convenient to them. With the help of a computerized system, we can deliver a good service to citizens who want to park their vehicles on any organization’s premises using the Internet of Things (IoT) based on a parking management system. Each parking lot would be equipped with a control system that enables monitoring of the number of free and occupied parking places and informing users about the parking lot status (open with/without free available parking spaces or closed).
. One of the important concerns, which is to be taken in accounting, is the problem of parking those vehicles. Though, if there is space for parking the vehicle but so much time is squandered in finding that exact parking slot resulting in more fuel intake and not also environment friendly. 
This system mainly focuses on vehicles that are parked in the malls. With the implementation of the smart parking system, citizens can easily locate and secure vacant parking spaces at any car park that is convenient to them. With the help of a computerized system, we can deliver a good service to citizens who want to park their vehicles on any organization’s premises using the Internet of Things (IoT) based on a parking management system. Each parking lot would be equipped with a control system that enables monitoring of the number of free and occupied parking places and informing users about the parking lot status (open with/without free available parking spaces or closed).

